---
layout: post
title: Grant Overview 2
---

Now that the project is close to being over I have a better idea of the finalized project.  The finalized project is going to be a comprehensive overview and collection of information from the books.  Going over everything that is detailed in each book in the series as well as the Caretakers guide.  Each character will have their own section that describes them and how each one fulfills their own role throughout the books.  Also with any additional information that is provided from other sources like Dragonwatch, which is the sequel series to Fablehaven.  There will be a section with maps of all the different preserves that each book goes to.  With detailed information on each map regarding where everything is and what creature lives there.  Each map will be interactable and on the side of them there will be a panel where you can select to see different features of it.  For example if you want to know where the satyrs live you can select the satyr and if everything else is not selected, the map will only show the satyrs.  In another section of the website there will be a timeline that shows the sequence of events in the books.  The main character will be a focus of the timeline because most of all the events occurred because of them.  If you want to know more about an event, you can click on it and you will be brought to the event page on the website.  

One difference between the first blog post and this one is that you can't get sent to a map if you wanted to see where an event happened.  Since I added multiple maps it's hard to route a user to a specific location on a specific map while also not showing anything on said map.  A user can select an event and go to its page then select the map that it happened on.  This map will have areas highlighted where different events took place.  You can filter it to find the event you are looking for.  Other than this change there isn’t much that I have changed about the project.  I have taken inspiration from Wookieepedia the star wars wiki with how to structure stuff.  Since I browse it frequently, I know a decent amount of how everything is structured and how everything fits together nicely. 

<embed type="image/png" src="/images/ahsokainfo.PNG" width="242" height="617">

While writing the grant, I have given my project a lot of thought.  It started out as a simple map of Fablehaven with information about every part of the preservation.  But as I thought about it more, it made sense to make a wiki style website with maps of all the locations from the books that you can explore.  Adding a timeline for all the events and even information about all the characters you encounter.  Instead of hosting the website with a host, I think it will be easier to host it on AWS and create the website myself.  This way I can create everything to my specifications and everything can work together better.  Overall this project has become a bigger thing than I initially thought.  I like where it went, but it has put more work on myself with the coding of the website and having to read through the books many times to get all the right information.  
